All right. So, hopefully you had some time to think about the answer to this problem.
Now, I'll show you how this hack happened.
Once you understand it,
it's really unique and interesting concept that hopefully sticks with you in the future.
As I mentioned in the previous video,
there's a way to take over this wallet entering the funds.
Here's how you would do it. First, check out this fallback function.
The function will be called anytime you make a call to
this contract with a function name that doesn't exist within the contract.
When you call that non-existing function,
it will default to calling this fallback function.
What someone could do in this case,
is called the wallet contract with the name of
the function that only exists in the library.
Since that call doesn't exist in the wallet,
it would default to the fallback function which delegates this call to the library.
If the name of the function you call is say add owner,
and you can supply it with your address,
you just make yourself the owner of this wallet.
From there, you can drain the funds from the wallet
or transfer it to another wallet that you own.
Hopefully, that's clear what's going on.
Neither of these contracts actually contain the flaw by itself but
the interaction between these contracts and
the properties of fallback functions and delegate calls,
allow someone to hack the wallet of users that made the use of this library.
That's how the hack happened.
This is different from the Dow in a few ways.
One important thing to note that's different,
is that the attack wasn't done on a single pooled resource of ether.
In the Dow, users were sending money
into a single contract that pulled everything together.
This made it so that that single contract could be exploited to steal from this pool.
The parody hack was different.
In this case, individual users were using
a library that made it possible to get their wallet hacked.
When the attack happened,
it was done to each of these wallets separately,
draining accounts as it went along.
This made it possible in some cases to
save the accounts that would have otherwise been affected.
If a trustworthy source were to exploit the vulnerability before the hackers got to it,
they could funnel the money into a location that was safe.
Then later return it to the owner of these wallets.
I did hear that that actually happened,
but I'm not sure if the money was actually ever returned to their original owners.
Finally, if you'd like,
I left a link to the original parity code down below the video.
Try exploring this for yourself to see if you can spot
the similarities between the live code and the smaller examples shown here.
Personally, looking through this code gave me a better perspective on how complex
these contracts can actually get and how something
that seems simple now can easily go unnoticed.